
Whois Server Version 2.0

Domain names can now be registered with many different competing registrars. 
Go to http://registrar.verisign-grs.com/whois/ for detailed information.

   Domain Name: 1133.CC
   Domain ID: 86881580
   WHOIS Server: whois.paycenter.com.cn
   Referral URL: http://www.xinnet.com
   Updated Date: 2014-10-21T03:04:42Z
   Creation Date: 2005-11-15T07:56:17Z
   Registry Expiry Date: 2015-11-15T07:56:17Z
   Sponsoring Registrar: XIN NET TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION
   Sponsoring Registrar IANA ID: 120
   Domain Status: ok http://www.icann.org/epp#OK
   Name Server: F1G1NS1.DNSPOD.NET
   Name Server: F1G1NS2.DNSPOD.NET
   DNSSEC: unsigned
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2015-01-21T23:15:32Z <<<

NOTICE: The expiration date displayed in this record is the date the 
registrar's sponsorship of the domain name registration in the registry is 
currently set to expire. This date does not necessarily reflect the 
expiration date of the domain name registrant's agreement with the 
sponsoring registrar.  Users may consult the sponsoring registrar's 
Whois database to view the registrar's reported date of expiration 
for this registration.

TERMS OF USE: You are not authorized to access or query our Whois 
database through the use of electronic processes that are high-volume and 
automated except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or 
modify existing registrations; the Data in VeriSign's ("VeriSign") Whois 
database is provided by VeriSign for information purposes only, and to 
assist persons in obtaining information about or related to a domain name 
registration record. VeriSign does not guarantee its accuracy. 
By submitting a Whois query, you agree to abide by the following terms of 
use: You agree that you may use this Data only for lawful purposes and that 
under no circumstances will you use this Data to: (1) allow, enable, or 
otherwise support the transmission of mass unsolicited, commercial 
advertising or solicitations via e-mail, telephone, or facsimile; or 
(2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that apply to 
VeriSign (or its computer systems). The compilation, repackaging, 
dissemination or other use of this Data is expressly prohibited without 
the prior written consent of VeriSign. You agree not to use electronic 
processes that are automated and high-volume to access or query the 
Whois database except as reasonably necessary to register domain names 
or modify existing registrations. VeriSign reserves the right to restrict 
your access to the Whois database in its sole discretion to ensure 
operational stability.  VeriSign may restrict or terminate your access to the 
Whois database for failure to abide by these terms of use. VeriSign 
reserves the right to modify these terms at any time. 

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit 
https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/epp-status-codes-2014-06-16-en.
