
Whois Server Version 2.0

Domain names in the .com and .net domains can now be registered
with many different competing registrars. Go to http://www.internic.net
for detailed information.

   Domain Name: ADULTADWORLD.COM
   Registrar: MELBOURNE IT, LTD. D/B/A INTERNET NAMES WORLDWIDE
   Sponsoring Registrar IANA ID: 13
   Whois Server: whois.melbourneit.com
   Referral URL: http://www.melbourneit.com
   Name Server: PDNS01.DOMAINCONTROL.COM
   Name Server: PDNS02.DOMAINCONTROL.COM
   Status: clientTransferProhibited
   Updated Date: 20-jul-2014
   Creation Date: 19-aug-2005
   Expiration Date: 19-aug-2015

>>> Last update of whois database: Wed, 21 Jan 2015 18:52:13 GMT <<<

NOTICE: The expiration date displayed in this record is the date the 
registrar's sponsorship of the domain name registration in the registry is 
currently set to expire. This date does not necessarily reflect the expiration 
date of the domain name registrant's agreement with the sponsoring 
registrar.  Users may consult the sponsoring registrar's Whois database to 
view the registrar's reported date of expiration for this registration.

TERMS OF USE: You are not authorized to access or query our Whois 
database through the use of electronic processes that are high-volume and 
automated except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or 
modify existing registrations; the Data in VeriSign Global Registry 
Services' ("VeriSign") Whois database is provided by VeriSign for 
information purposes only, and to assist persons in obtaining information 
about or related to a domain name registration record. VeriSign does not 
guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a Whois query, you agree to abide 
by the following terms of use: You agree that you may use this Data only 
for lawful purposes and that under no circumstances will you use this Data 
to: (1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass 
unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via e-mail, telephone, 
or facsimile; or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes 
that apply to VeriSign (or its computer systems). The compilation, 
repackaging, dissemination or other use of this Data is expressly 
prohibited without the prior written consent of VeriSign. You agree not to 
use electronic processes that are automated and high-volume to access or 
query the Whois database except as reasonably necessary to register 
domain names or modify existing registrations. VeriSign reserves the right 
to restrict your access to the Whois database in its sole discretion to ensure 
operational stability.  VeriSign may restrict or terminate your access to the 
Whois database for failure to abide by these terms of use. VeriSign 
reserves the right to modify these terms at any time. 

The Registry database contains ONLY .COM, .NET, .EDU domains and
Registrars.

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit 
https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/epp-status-codes-2014-06-16-en.
Domain Name: adultadworld.com
Registry Domain ID: 198170484_DOMAIN_COM-VRSN
Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.melbourneit.com
Registrar URL: http://www.melbourneit.com.au
Updated Date: 2014-07-20T20:47:54Z
Creation Date: 2005-08-19T03:13:25Z
Registrar Registration Expiration Date: 2015-08-19T03:13:25Z
Registrar: Melbourne IT Ltd
Registrar IANA ID: 13
Registrar Abuse Contact Email: abuse@melbourneit.com.au
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: +61.386242300
Domain Status: clientTransferProhibited
Registry Registrant ID: 
Registrant Name: AdWorld Media Corp.
Registrant Organization: 
Registrant Street: PO Box 61359
Registrant City: Sunnyvale
Registrant State/Province: CA
Registrant Postal Code: 94088
Registrant Country: US
Registrant Phone: +1.5105952002
Registrant Phone Ext: 
Registrant Fax: 
Registrant Fax Ext: 
Registrant Email: contact@myprivateregistration.com
Registry Admin ID: 
Admin Name: Admin PrivateRegContact
Admin Organization: 
Admin Street: PO Box 61359 registered post accepted only
Admin City: Sunnyvale
Admin State/Province: CA
Admin Postal Code: 94088
Admin Country: US
Admin Phone: +1.5105952002
Admin Phone Ext: 
Admin Fax: 
Admin Fax Ext: 
Admin Email: contact@myprivateregistration.com
Registry Tech ID: 
Tech Name: TECH PrivateRegContact
Tech Organization: 
Tech Street: PO Box 61359 registered post accepted only
Tech City: Sunnyvale
Tech State/Province: CA
Tech Postal Code: 94088
Tech Country: US
Tech Phone: +1.5105952002
Tech Phone Ext: 
Tech Fax: 
Tech Fax Ext: 
Tech Email: contact@myprivateregistration.com
Name Server: PDNS01.DOMAINCONTROL.COM
Name Server: PDNS02.DOMAINCONTROL.COM
DNSSEC: unsigned
URL of the ICANN WHOIS Data Problem Reporting System: http://wdrprs.internic.net
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2015-01-21T18:34:42Z

TERMS OF USE OF MELBOURNE IT WHOIS DATABASE
The WHOIS database is operated by Melbourne IT Ltd ('we', 'our' or 'us'). Your access to, and use of, our WHOIS database and the information made available on our WHOIS database is subject to these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. All information contained in our WHOIS database is provided 'as is'. We take no responsibility for any error or omission in our WHOIS database. The data in our WHOIS database is provided to you for your information only. You may use the information in our WHOIS database only for the purpose of obtaining information about or related to a domain name registration record ('Permitted Purpose'). You agree not to use high-volume, automated electronic processes to access or query our WHOIS database. By submitting a WHOIS query to us, you agree that you will only use the data obtained from a WHOIS query for the Permitted Purpose and for lawful purposes, and that you will not: (a) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass, unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations by e-mail, telephone, or facsimile; or (b) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that send queries or data to the systems of any Registry Operator or ICANN-Accredited registrar, except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or modify existing domain name registrations. You also agree that the copying, reproduction, translation, compilation, re-packaging, dissemination or other use of the data in our WHOIS database is prohibited without our prior written consent. We reserve the right to terminate your access to our WHOIS database at any time, and for any reason, including (without limitation) if you fail to comply with any provision of these Terms of Use, or we consider that you are excessively querying our WHOIS database. These Terms of Use may be modified by us at any time without notice by our amending the Terms of Use on this web page. You agree that your use of our WHOIS database following any modification to these Terms of Us
e will constitute your acceptance of these Terms of Use (as modified from time to time).




