
Whois Server Version 2.0

Domain names in the .com and .net domains can now be registered
with many different competing registrars. Go to http://www.internic.net
for detailed information.

   Domain Name: CDISCOUNT.COM
   Registrar: CSC CORPORATE DOMAINS, INC.
   Sponsoring Registrar IANA ID: 299
   Whois Server: whois.corporatedomains.com
   Referral URL: http://www.cscglobal.com/digitalbrandservices
   Name Server: A4.NSTLD.COM
   Name Server: F4.NSTLD.COM
   Name Server: G4.NSTLD.COM
   Name Server: H4.NSTLD.COM
   Name Server: J4.NSTLD.COM
   Name Server: K4.NSTLD.COM
   Name Server: L4.NSTLD.COM
   Status: clientTransferProhibited
   Status: serverDeleteProhibited
   Status: serverTransferProhibited
   Status: serverUpdateProhibited
   Updated Date: 26-nov-2014
   Creation Date: 17-oct-1998
   Expiration Date: 16-oct-2015

>>> Last update of whois database: Thu, 22 Jan 2015 21:03:36 GMT <<<

NOTICE: The expiration date displayed in this record is the date the 
registrar's sponsorship of the domain name registration in the registry is 
currently set to expire. This date does not necessarily reflect the expiration 
date of the domain name registrant's agreement with the sponsoring 
registrar.  Users may consult the sponsoring registrar's Whois database to 
view the registrar's reported date of expiration for this registration.

TERMS OF USE: You are not authorized to access or query our Whois 
database through the use of electronic processes that are high-volume and 
automated except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or 
modify existing registrations; the Data in VeriSign Global Registry 
Services' ("VeriSign") Whois database is provided by VeriSign for 
information purposes only, and to assist persons in obtaining information 
about or related to a domain name registration record. VeriSign does not 
guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a Whois query, you agree to abide 
by the following terms of use: You agree that you may use this Data only 
for lawful purposes and that under no circumstances will you use this Data 
to: (1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass 
unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via e-mail, telephone, 
or facsimile; or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes 
that apply to VeriSign (or its computer systems). The compilation, 
repackaging, dissemination or other use of this Data is expressly 
prohibited without the prior written consent of VeriSign. You agree not to 
use electronic processes that are automated and high-volume to access or 
query the Whois database except as reasonably necessary to register 
domain names or modify existing registrations. VeriSign reserves the right 
to restrict your access to the Whois database in its sole discretion to ensure 
operational stability.  VeriSign may restrict or terminate your access to the 
Whois database for failure to abide by these terms of use. VeriSign 
reserves the right to modify these terms at any time. 

The Registry database contains ONLY .COM, .NET, .EDU domains and
Registrars.

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit 
https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/epp-status-codes-2014-06-16-en.

Domain Name: cdiscount.com
Registry Domain ID: 2211652_DOMAIN_COM-VRSN
Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.corporatedomains.com
Registrar URL: www.cscprotectsbrands.com
Updated Date: 2014-10-13 07:14:38 -0400
Creation Date: 1998-10-17 00:00:00 -0400
Registrar Registration Expiration Date: 2015-10-16 00:00:00 -0400
Registrar: CSC CORPORATE DOMAINS, INC.
Sponsoring Registrar IANA ID: 299
Registrar Abuse Contact Email: admin@internationaladmin.com
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: +1.8887802723
Domain Status: serverTransferProhibited
Domain Status: serverDeleteProhibited
Domain Status: clientTransferProhibited
Domain Status: serverUpdateProhibited
Registry Registrant ID: 
Registrant Name: Service Informatique
Registrant Organization: Cdiscount
Registrant Street: 4-6 cours de l'Intendance
Registrant City: Bordeaux cedex
Registrant State/Province: .
Registrant Postal Code: 33067
Registrant Country: FR
Registrant Phone: +33.557144500
Registrant Phone Ext: 
Registrant Fax: 
Registrant Fax Ext: 
Registrant Email: depot.domaine@cdiscount.com
Registry Admin ID: 
Admin Name: Olivier Foing
Admin Organization: Cdiscount
Admin Street: 4-6 cours de l'Intendance
Admin City: Bordeaux cedex
Admin State/Province: .
Admin Postal Code: 33067
Admin Country: FR
Admin Phone: +33.557144500
Admin Phone Ext: 
Admin Fax: 
Admin Fax Ext: 
Admin Email: depot.domaine@cdiscount.com
Registry Tech ID: 
Tech Name: Tech DBMS
Tech Organization: VeriSign Inc
Tech Street: 487 E. Middlefield Rd
Tech City: Mountain View
Tech State/Province: CA
Tech Postal Code: 94043
Tech Country: US
Tech Phone: +1.8005792848
Tech Phone Ext: 
Tech Fax: +1.6502378883
Tech Fax Ext: 
Tech Email: dbms-tech@verisign.com
Name Server: f4.nstld.com
Name Server: j4.nstld.com
Name Server: a4.nstld.com
Name Server: h4.nstld.com
Name Server: g4.nstld.com
Name Server: k4.nstld.com
Name Server: l4.nstld.com
DNSSEC: 
URL of the ICANN WHOIS Data Problem Reporting System: http://wdprs.internic.net/
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2014-10-13 07:14:38 -0400 <<<


Corporation Service Company(c) (CSC)  The Trusted Partner of More than 50% of the 100 Best Global Brands.

Contact us to learn more about our enterprise solutions for Global Domain Name Registration and Management, Trademark Research and Watching, Brand, Logo and Auction Monitoring, as well SSL Certificate Services and DNS Hosting.

NOTICE: You are not authorized to access or query our WHOIS database through the use of high-volume, automated, electronic processes or for the purpose or purposes of using the data in any manner that violates these terms of use. The Data in the CSC WHOIS database is provided by CSC for information purposes only, and to assist persons in obtaining information about or related to a domain name registration record. CSC does not guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a WHOIS query, you agree to abide by the following terms of use: you agree that you may use this Data only for lawful purposes and that under no circumstances will you use this Data to: (1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via direct mail, e-mail, telephone, or facsimile; or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that apply to CSC (or its computer systems). CSC reserves the right to terminate your access to the WHOIS database in its sole discretion for any violations by you of these terms of use. CSC reserves the right to modify these terms at any time.

Register your domain name at http://www.cscglobal.com

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/epp-status-codes-2014-06-16-en

