
Whois Server Version 2.0

Domain names in the .com and .net domains can now be registered
with many different competing registrars. Go to http://www.internic.net
for detailed information.

   Domain Name: KIOSKEA.NET
   Registrar: ASCIO TECHNOLOGIES, INC. DANMARK - FILIAL AF ASCIO TECHNOLOGIES, INC. USA
   Sponsoring Registrar IANA ID: 106
   Whois Server: whois.ascio.com
   Referral URL: http://www.ascio.com
   Name Server: EUR1.AKAM.NET
   Name Server: EUR4.AKAM.NET
   Name Server: NS1-145.AKAM.NET
   Name Server: NS1-230.AKAM.NET
   Name Server: USE1.AKAM.NET
   Name Server: USW2.AKAM.NET
   Name Server: USW4.AKAM.NET
   Status: ok
   Updated Date: 12-oct-2014
   Creation Date: 28-dec-2007
   Expiration Date: 28-dec-2018

>>> Last update of whois database: Wed, 21 Jan 2015 23:56:01 GMT <<<

NOTICE: The expiration date displayed in this record is the date the 
registrar's sponsorship of the domain name registration in the registry is 
currently set to expire. This date does not necessarily reflect the expiration 
date of the domain name registrant's agreement with the sponsoring 
registrar.  Users may consult the sponsoring registrar's Whois database to 
view the registrar's reported date of expiration for this registration.

TERMS OF USE: You are not authorized to access or query our Whois 
database through the use of electronic processes that are high-volume and 
automated except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or 
modify existing registrations; the Data in VeriSign Global Registry 
Services' ("VeriSign") Whois database is provided by VeriSign for 
information purposes only, and to assist persons in obtaining information 
about or related to a domain name registration record. VeriSign does not 
guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a Whois query, you agree to abide 
by the following terms of use: You agree that you may use this Data only 
for lawful purposes and that under no circumstances will you use this Data 
to: (1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass 
unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via e-mail, telephone, 
or facsimile; or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes 
that apply to VeriSign (or its computer systems). The compilation, 
repackaging, dissemination or other use of this Data is expressly 
prohibited without the prior written consent of VeriSign. You agree not to 
use electronic processes that are automated and high-volume to access or 
query the Whois database except as reasonably necessary to register 
domain names or modify existing registrations. VeriSign reserves the right 
to restrict your access to the Whois database in its sole discretion to ensure 
operational stability.  VeriSign may restrict or terminate your access to the 
Whois database for failure to abide by these terms of use. VeriSign 
reserves the right to modify these terms at any time. 

The Registry database contains ONLY .COM, .NET, .EDU domains and
Registrars.

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit 
https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/epp-status-codes-2014-06-16-en.
Domain Name: kioskea.net
Registry Domain ID: 1365398969_DOMAIN_NET-VRSN
Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.ascio.com
Registrar URL: http://www.ascio.com 
Updated Date: 2014-10-12T04:17:25Z
Creation Date: 2014-10-06T11:09:33Z
Registrar Registration Expiration Date: 2018-12-28T00:00:00Z
Registrar: Ascio Technologies, Inc
Registrar IANA ID: 106
Registrar Abuse Contact Email: abuse@ascio.com
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: +44.2070159370
Reseller:
Domain Status: OK
Registry Registrant ID:
Registrant Name: Jean-Francois Pillou
Registrant Organization: Communitic International
Registrant Street: Rue des entrepreneurs - Batiment HERTZ - Bloc C
Registrant Street: ZI Charguia II
Registrant City: ARIANA 
Registrant State/Province: TN
Registrant Postal Code: 2035
Registrant Country: TN
Registrant Phone:
Registrant Phone Ext:
Registrant Fax:
Registrant Fax Ext:
Registrant Email:
Registry Admin ID:
Admin Name: Jean-Francois Pillou
Admin Organization: Communitic International
Admin Street: Rue des entrepreneurs - Batiment HERTZ - Bloc C
Admin Street: ZI Charguia II
Admin City:  ARIANA
Admin State/Province: TN
Admin Postal Code: 2035
Admin Country: TN
Admin Phone: +33.147795000
Admin Phone Ext:
Admin Fax: +33.147795001
Admin Fax Ext:
Admin Email: webmaster@commentcamarche.net
Registry Tech ID:
Tech Name: Jean-Francois Pillou
Tech Organization: Communitic International
Tech Street: Rue des entrepreneurs - Batiment HERTZ - Bloc C
Tech Street: ZI Charguia II
Tech City: ARIANA 
Tech State/Province: TN
Tech Postal Code: 2035
Tech Country: TN
Tech Phone: +33.147795000
Tech Phone Ext:
Tech Fax: +33.147795001  
Tech Fax Ext: 
Tech Email: webmaster@commentcamarche.net
Name Server: eur1.akam.net
Name Server: eur4.akam.net
Name Server: ns1-145.akam.net
Name Server: ns1-230.akam.net
Name Server: use1.akam.net
Name Server: usw2.akam.net
Name Server: usw4.akam.net
DNSSEC:
URL of the ICANN WHOIS Data Problem Reporting System: http://wdprs.internic.net/
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2015-01-21T23:56:14 UTC <<<

The data in Ascio Technologies' WHOIS database is provided 
by Ascio Technologies for information purposes only. By submitting 
a WHOIS query, you agree that you will use this data only for lawful 
purpose. In addition, you agree not to:
(a) use the data to allow, enable, or otherwise support any marketing
activities, regardless of the medium used. Such media include but are 
not limited to e-mail, telephone, facsimile, postal mail, SMS, and
wireless alerts; or
(b) use the data to enable high volume, automated, electronic processes
that sendqueries or data to the systems of any Registry Operator or 
ICANN-Accredited registrar, except as reasonably necessary to register 
domain names or modify existing registrations.
(c) sell or redistribute the data except insofar as it has been 
incorporated into a value-added product or service that does not permit
the extraction of a substantial portion of the bulk data from the value-added
product or service for use by other parties.
Ascio Technologies reserves the right to modify these terms at any time.
Ascio Technologies cannot guarantee the accuracy of the data provided.
By accessing and using Ascio Technologies WHOIS service, you agree to these terms.
