
Whois Server Version 2.0

Domain names in the .com and .net domains can now be registered
with many different competing registrars. Go to http://www.internic.net
for detailed information.

   Domain Name: OPENDNS.COM
   Registrar: PDR LTD. D/B/A PUBLICDOMAINREGISTRY.COM
   Sponsoring Registrar IANA ID: 303
   Whois Server: whois.PublicDomainRegistry.com
   Referral URL: http://www.PublicDomainRegistry.com
   Name Server: AUTH1.OPENDNS.COM
   Name Server: AUTH2.OPENDNS.COM
   Name Server: AUTH3.OPENDNS.COM
   Status: clientTransferProhibited
   Updated Date: 28-aug-2013
   Creation Date: 04-sep-2003
   Expiration Date: 04-sep-2019

>>> Last update of whois database: Wed, 21 Jan 2015 19:04:34 GMT <<<

NOTICE: The expiration date displayed in this record is the date the 
registrar's sponsorship of the domain name registration in the registry is 
currently set to expire. This date does not necessarily reflect the expiration 
date of the domain name registrant's agreement with the sponsoring 
registrar.  Users may consult the sponsoring registrar's Whois database to 
view the registrar's reported date of expiration for this registration.

TERMS OF USE: You are not authorized to access or query our Whois 
database through the use of electronic processes that are high-volume and 
automated except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or 
modify existing registrations; the Data in VeriSign Global Registry 
Services' ("VeriSign") Whois database is provided by VeriSign for 
information purposes only, and to assist persons in obtaining information 
about or related to a domain name registration record. VeriSign does not 
guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a Whois query, you agree to abide 
by the following terms of use: You agree that you may use this Data only 
for lawful purposes and that under no circumstances will you use this Data 
to: (1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass 
unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via e-mail, telephone, 
or facsimile; or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes 
that apply to VeriSign (or its computer systems). The compilation, 
repackaging, dissemination or other use of this Data is expressly 
prohibited without the prior written consent of VeriSign. You agree not to 
use electronic processes that are automated and high-volume to access or 
query the Whois database except as reasonably necessary to register 
domain names or modify existing registrations. VeriSign reserves the right 
to restrict your access to the Whois database in its sole discretion to ensure 
operational stability.  VeriSign may restrict or terminate your access to the 
Whois database for failure to abide by these terms of use. VeriSign 
reserves the right to modify these terms at any time. 

The Registry database contains ONLY .COM, .NET, .EDU domains and
Registrars.

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit 
https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/epp-status-codes-2014-06-16-en.
Domain Name: OPENDNS.COM
Registry Domain ID: 103089629_DOMAIN_COM-VRSN
Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.publicdomainregistry.com
Registrar URL: www.publicdomainregistry.com
Updated Date: 2013-08-28T20:26:32Z
Creation Date: 2003-09-04T18:24:28Z
Registrar Registration Expiration Date: 2019-09-04T18:24:28Z
Registrar: PDR Ltd. d/b/a PublicDomainRegistry.com
Registrar IANA ID: 303
Registrar Abuse Contact Email: abuse-contact@publicdomainregistry.com
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: +1-2013775952
Domain Status: clientTransferProhibited
Registry Registrant ID: 
Registrant Name: OpenDNS Hostmaster
Registrant Organization: OpenDNS Inc.
Registrant Street: 135 Bluxome Street   
Registrant City: San Francisco
Registrant State/Province: California
Registrant Postal Code: 94107
Registrant Country: US
Registrant Phone: +1.4153443200
Registrant Phone Ext: 
Registrant Fax: 
Registrant Fax Ext: 
Registrant Email: hostmaster@opendns.com
Registry Admin ID: 
Admin Name: OpenDNS Hostmaster
Admin Organization: OpenDNS Inc.
Admin Street: 135 Bluxome Street  
Admin City: San Francisco
Admin State/Province: California
Admin Postal Code: 94107
Admin Country: US
Admin Phone: +1.4153443200
Admin Phone Ext: 
Admin Fax: 
Admin Fax Ext: 
Admin Email: hostmaster@opendns.com
Registry Tech ID: 
Tech Name: OpenDNS Hostmaster
Tech Organization: OpenDNS Inc.
Tech Street: 135 Bluxome Street  
Tech City: San Francisco
Tech State/Province: California
Tech Postal Code: 94107
Tech Country: US
Tech Phone: +1.4153443200
Tech Phone Ext: 
Tech Fax: 
Tech Fax Ext: 
Tech Email: hostmaster@opendns.com
Name Server: auth1.opendns.com
Name Server: auth2.opendns.com
Name Server: auth3.opendns.com
DNSSEC:Unsigned
URL of the ICANN WHOIS Data Problem Reporting System: 
http://wdprs.internic.net/
>>>Last update of WHOIS database: 2015-01-21T19:04:43+0000Z<<<

Registration Service Provided By: OPENDNS

The data in this whois database is provided to you for information purposes 
only, that is, to assist you in obtaining information about or related to a 
domain name registration record. We make this information available "as is",
and do not guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a whois query, you agree 
that you will use this data only for lawful purposes and that, under no 
circumstances will you use this data to: 
(1) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that stress or load 
this whois database system providing you this information; or 
(2) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass unsolicited, 
commercial advertising or solicitations via direct mail, electronic mail, or 
by telephone. 
The compilation, repackaging, dissemination or other use of this data is 
expressly prohibited without prior written consent from us. The Registrar of 
record is PDR Ltd. d/b/a PublicDomainRegistry.com. 
We reserve the right to modify these terms at any time. 
By submitting this query, you agree to abide by these terms.


