
Whois Server Version 2.0

Domain names in the .com and .net domains can now be registered
with many different competing registrars. Go to http://www.internic.net
for detailed information.

   Server Name: PHP.NET-PLUS.COM.AU
   Registrar: MELBOURNE IT, LTD. D/B/A INTERNET NAMES WORLDWIDE
   Whois Server: whois.melbourneit.com
   Referral URL: http://www.melbourneit.com

   Domain Name: PHP.NET
   Registrar: TUCOWS DOMAINS INC.
   Sponsoring Registrar IANA ID: 69
   Whois Server: whois.tucows.com
   Referral URL: http://www.tucowsdomains.com
   Name Server: DNS1.EASYDNS.COM
   Name Server: DNS2.EASYDNS.NET
   Name Server: DNS3.EASYDNS.ORG
   Name Server: DNS4.EASYDNS.INFO
   Status: clientTransferProhibited
   Status: clientUpdateProhibited
   Updated Date: 14-nov-2014
   Creation Date: 18-nov-1997
   Expiration Date: 17-nov-2023

>>> Last update of whois database: Wed, 21 Jan 2015 23:14:21 GMT <<<

NOTICE: The expiration date displayed in this record is the date the 
registrar's sponsorship of the domain name registration in the registry is 
currently set to expire. This date does not necessarily reflect the expiration 
date of the domain name registrant's agreement with the sponsoring 
registrar.  Users may consult the sponsoring registrar's Whois database to 
view the registrar's reported date of expiration for this registration.

TERMS OF USE: You are not authorized to access or query our Whois 
database through the use of electronic processes that are high-volume and 
automated except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or 
modify existing registrations; the Data in VeriSign Global Registry 
Services' ("VeriSign") Whois database is provided by VeriSign for 
information purposes only, and to assist persons in obtaining information 
about or related to a domain name registration record. VeriSign does not 
guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a Whois query, you agree to abide 
by the following terms of use: You agree that you may use this Data only 
for lawful purposes and that under no circumstances will you use this Data 
to: (1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass 
unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via e-mail, telephone, 
or facsimile; or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes 
that apply to VeriSign (or its computer systems). The compilation, 
repackaging, dissemination or other use of this Data is expressly 
prohibited without the prior written consent of VeriSign. You agree not to 
use electronic processes that are automated and high-volume to access or 
query the Whois database except as reasonably necessary to register 
domain names or modify existing registrations. VeriSign reserves the right 
to restrict your access to the Whois database in its sole discretion to ensure 
operational stability.  VeriSign may restrict or terminate your access to the 
Whois database for failure to abide by these terms of use. VeriSign 
reserves the right to modify these terms at any time. 

The Registry database contains ONLY .COM, .NET, .EDU domains and
Registrars.

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit 
https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/epp-status-codes-2014-06-16-en.
Domain Name: PHP.NET
Registry Domain ID: 4701744_DOMAIN_NET-VRSN
Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.tucows.com
Registrar URL: http://tucowsdomains.com
Updated Date: 2014-11-14T15:45:21Z
Creation Date: 1997-11-18T05:00:00Z
Registrar Registration Expiration Date: 2023-11-17T05:00:00Z
Registrar: TUCOWS, INC.
Registrar IANA ID: 69
Registrar Abuse Contact Email: domainabuse@tucows.com
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: +1.4165350123
Reseller: easyDNS Technologies Inc.
Reseller: easydns@myprivacy.ca
Reseller: +1.416.535.8672
Reseller: http://www.easydns.com
Domain Status: clientTransferProhibited
Domain Status: clientUpdateProhibited
Registry Registrant ID: 
Registrant Name: PHP Development Team
Registrant Organization: PHP Development Team
Registrant Street: 104 Shaftsberry Ct
Registrant City: Cary
Registrant State/Province: NC
Registrant Postal Code: 27513
Registrant Country: US
Registrant Phone: +1.9192548916
Registrant Phone Ext: 
Registrant Fax: 
Registrant Fax Ext: 
Registrant Email: rasmus@lerdorf.on.ca
Registry Admin ID: 
Admin Name: PHP Development Team
Admin Organization: PHP Development Team
Admin Street: 104 Shaftsberry Ct
Admin City: Cary
Admin State/Province: NC
Admin Postal Code: 27513
Admin Country: US
Admin Phone: +1.9192548916
Admin Phone Ext: 
Admin Fax: 
Admin Fax Ext: 
Admin Email: rasmus@lerdorf.on.ca
Registry Tech ID: 
Tech Name: easyDNS Hostmaster
Tech Organization: easyDNS Technologies Inc.
Tech Street: 67 Mowat Ave. ste 331
Tech City: Toronto
Tech State/Province: Ontario
Tech Postal Code: M6K 3E3
Tech Country: CA
Tech Phone: +1.4165358672
Tech Phone Ext: 
Tech Fax: +1.4165350237
Tech Fax Ext: 
Tech Email: hostmaster@easydns.com
Name Server: DNS1.EASYDNS.COM
Name Server: DNS4.EASYDNS.INFO
Name Server: DNS2.EASYDNS.NET
Name Server: DNS3.EASYDNS.ORG
DNSSEC: Unsigned
URL of the ICANN WHOIS Data Problem Reporting System: http://wdprs.internic.net/
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2014-11-14T15:45:21Z <<<

Registration Service Provider:
    easyDNS Technologies Inc., easydns@myprivacy.ca
    +1.416.535.8672
    http://www.easydns.com
    This company may be contacted for domain login/passwords,
    DNS/Nameserver changes, and general domain support questions.

The Data in the Tucows Registrar WHOIS database is provided to you by Tucows
for information purposes only, and may be used to assist you in obtaining
information about or related to a domain name's registration record.

Tucows makes this information available "as is," and does not guarantee its
accuracy.

By submitting a WHOIS query, you agree that you will use this data only for
lawful purposes and that, under no circumstances will you use this data to:
a) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission by e-mail,
telephone, or facsimile of mass, unsolicited, commercial advertising or
solicitations to entities other than the data recipient's own existing
customers; or (b) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that
send queries or data to the systems of any Registry Operator or
ICANN-Accredited registrar, except as reasonably necessary to register
domain names or modify existing registrations.

The compilation, repackaging, dissemination or other use of this Data is
expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Tucows.

Tucows reserves the right to terminate your access to the Tucows WHOIS
database in its sole discretion, including without limitation, for excessive
querying of the WHOIS database or for failure to otherwise abide by this
policy.

Tucows reserves the right to modify these terms at any time.

By submitting this query, you agree to abide by these terms.

NOTE: THE WHOIS DATABASE IS A CONTACT DATABASE ONLY.  LACK OF A DOMAIN
RECORD DOES NOT SIGNIFY DOMAIN AVAILABILITY.

