
Whois Server Version 2.0

Domain names in the .com and .net domains can now be registered
with many different competing registrars. Go to http://www.internic.net
for detailed information.

   Domain Name: SKYSPORTS.COM
   Registrar: NETWORK SOLUTIONS, LLC.
   Sponsoring Registrar IANA ID: 2
   Whois Server: whois.networksolutions.com
   Referral URL: http://networksolutions.com
   Name Server: A4.NSTLD.COM
   Name Server: F4.NSTLD.COM
   Name Server: G4.NSTLD.COM
   Name Server: H4.NSTLD.COM
   Name Server: J4.NSTLD.COM
   Name Server: K4.NSTLD.COM
   Name Server: L4.NSTLD.COM
   Name Server: NS0.ISP.SKY.COM
   Name Server: NS1.ISP.SKY.COM
   Status: clientTransferProhibited
   Updated Date: 06-jan-2015
   Creation Date: 10-jun-1998
   Expiration Date: 06-jan-2025

>>> Last update of whois database: Thu, 22 Jan 2015 19:10:22 GMT <<<

NOTICE: The expiration date displayed in this record is the date the 
registrar's sponsorship of the domain name registration in the registry is 
currently set to expire. This date does not necessarily reflect the expiration 
date of the domain name registrant's agreement with the sponsoring 
registrar.  Users may consult the sponsoring registrar's Whois database to 
view the registrar's reported date of expiration for this registration.

TERMS OF USE: You are not authorized to access or query our Whois 
database through the use of electronic processes that are high-volume and 
automated except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or 
modify existing registrations; the Data in VeriSign Global Registry 
Services' ("VeriSign") Whois database is provided by VeriSign for 
information purposes only, and to assist persons in obtaining information 
about or related to a domain name registration record. VeriSign does not 
guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a Whois query, you agree to abide 
by the following terms of use: You agree that you may use this Data only 
for lawful purposes and that under no circumstances will you use this Data 
to: (1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass 
unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via e-mail, telephone, 
or facsimile; or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes 
that apply to VeriSign (or its computer systems). The compilation, 
repackaging, dissemination or other use of this Data is expressly 
prohibited without the prior written consent of VeriSign. You agree not to 
use electronic processes that are automated and high-volume to access or 
query the Whois database except as reasonably necessary to register 
domain names or modify existing registrations. VeriSign reserves the right 
to restrict your access to the Whois database in its sole discretion to ensure 
operational stability.  VeriSign may restrict or terminate your access to the 
Whois database for failure to abide by these terms of use. VeriSign 
reserves the right to modify these terms at any time. 

The Registry database contains ONLY .COM, .NET, .EDU domains and
Registrars.

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit 
https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/epp-status-codes-2014-06-16-en.


Domain Name: SKYSPORTS.COM
Registry Domain ID:  
Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.networksolutions.com
Registrar URL: http://networksolutions.com
Updated Date: 2015-01-06T23:15:40Z
Creation Date: 1998-06-10T04:00:00Z
Registrar Registration Expiration Date: 2025-01-06T05:00:00Z
Registrar: NETWORK SOLUTIONS, LLC.
Registrar IANA ID: 2
Registrar Abuse Contact Email: abuse@web.com
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: +1.8003337680
Reseller: 
Domain Status: clientTransferProhibited
Registry Registrant ID: 
Registrant Name: PERFECT PRIVACY, LLC
Registrant Organization: 
Registrant Street: 12808 Gran Bay Parkway West
Registrant City: Jacksonville
Registrant State/Province: FL
Registrant Postal Code: 32258
Registrant Country: US
Registrant Phone: +1.5707088780
Registrant Phone Ext: 
Registrant Fax: 
Registrant Fax Ext: 
Registrant Email: kq4wj6pu83f@networksolutionsprivateregistration.com
Registry Admin ID: 
Admin Name: PERFECT PRIVACY, LLC
Admin Organization: 
Admin Street: 12808 Gran Bay Parkway West
Admin City: Jacksonville
Admin State/Province: FL
Admin Postal Code: 32258
Admin Country: US
Admin Phone: +1.5707088780
Admin Phone Ext: 
Admin Fax: 
Admin Fax Ext: 
Admin Email: kq4wj6pu83f@networksolutionsprivateregistration.com
Registry Tech ID: 
Tech Name: PERFECT PRIVACY, LLC
Tech Organization: 
Tech Street: 12808 Gran Bay Parkway West
Tech City: Jacksonville
Tech State/Province: FL
Tech Postal Code: 32258
Tech Country: US
Tech Phone: +1.5707088780
Tech Phone Ext: 
Tech Fax: 
Tech Fax Ext: 
Tech Email: kq4wj6pu83f@networksolutionsprivateregistration.com
Name Server: NS0.ISP.SKY.COM
Name Server: NS1.ISP.SKY.COM
Name Server: A4.NSTLD.COM
Name Server: F4.NSTLD.COM
Name Server: G4.NSTLD.COM
Name Server: H4.NSTLD.COM
Name Server: J4.NSTLD.COM
Name Server: K4.NSTLD.COM
Name Server: L4.NSTLD.COM
DNSSEC: not signed
URL of the ICANN WHOIS Data Problem Reporting System: http://wdprs.internic.net/
>>> Last update of whois database: Thu, 22 Jan 2015 19:10:22 GMT <<<

This listing is a Network Solutions Private Registration. Mail
correspondence to this address must be sent via USPS Express Mail(TM) or
USPS Certified Mail(R); all other mail will not be processed. Be sure to
include the registrant's domain name in the address.

The data in Networksolutions.com's WHOIS database is provided to you by
Networksolutions.com for information purposes only, that is, to assist you in
obtaining information about or related to a domain name registration
record. Networksolutions.com makes this information available "as is," and
does not guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a WHOIS query, you
agree that you will use this data only for lawful purposes and that,
under no circumstances will you use this data to: (1) allow, enable,
or otherwise support the transmission of mass unsolicited, commercial
advertising or solicitations via direct mail, electronic mail, or by
telephone; or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes
that apply to Networksolutions.com  (or its systems). The compilation,
repackaging, dissemination or other use of this data is expressly
prohibited without the prior written consent of Networksolutions.com.
Networksolutions.com reserves the right to modify these terms at any time.
By submitting this query, you agree to abide by these terms.

