
Whois Server Version 2.0

Domain names in the .com and .net domains can now be registered
with many different competing registrars. Go to http://www.internic.net
for detailed information.

   Server Name: STATCOUNTER.COM.MORE.INFO.AT.WWW.BEYONDWHOIS.COM
   IP Address: 203.36.226.2
   Registrar: INSTRA CORPORATION PTY, LTD.
   Whois Server: whois.instra.net
   Referral URL: http://www.instra.com

   Domain Name: STATCOUNTER.COM
   Registrar: PAIR NETWORKS INC.D/B/A PAIRNIC
   Sponsoring Registrar IANA ID: 99
   Whois Server: whois.pairnic.com
   Referral URL: http://www.pairnic.com
   Name Server: MAY.NS.CLOUDFLARE.COM
   Name Server: TIM.NS.CLOUDFLARE.COM
   Status: ok
   Updated Date: 09-sep-2014
   Creation Date: 05-jan-2000
   Expiration Date: 05-jan-2016

>>> Last update of whois database: Wed, 21 Jan 2015 18:20:13 GMT <<<

NOTICE: The expiration date displayed in this record is the date the 
registrar's sponsorship of the domain name registration in the registry is 
currently set to expire. This date does not necessarily reflect the expiration 
date of the domain name registrant's agreement with the sponsoring 
registrar.  Users may consult the sponsoring registrar's Whois database to 
view the registrar's reported date of expiration for this registration.

TERMS OF USE: You are not authorized to access or query our Whois 
database through the use of electronic processes that are high-volume and 
automated except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or 
modify existing registrations; the Data in VeriSign Global Registry 
Services' ("VeriSign") Whois database is provided by VeriSign for 
information purposes only, and to assist persons in obtaining information 
about or related to a domain name registration record. VeriSign does not 
guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a Whois query, you agree to abide 
by the following terms of use: You agree that you may use this Data only 
for lawful purposes and that under no circumstances will you use this Data 
to: (1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass 
unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via e-mail, telephone, 
or facsimile; or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes 
that apply to VeriSign (or its computer systems). The compilation, 
repackaging, dissemination or other use of this Data is expressly 
prohibited without the prior written consent of VeriSign. You agree not to 
use electronic processes that are automated and high-volume to access or 
query the Whois database except as reasonably necessary to register 
domain names or modify existing registrations. VeriSign reserves the right 
to restrict your access to the Whois database in its sole discretion to ensure 
operational stability.  VeriSign may restrict or terminate your access to the 
Whois database for failure to abide by these terms of use. VeriSign 
reserves the right to modify these terms at any time. 

The Registry database contains ONLY .COM, .NET, .EDU domains and
Registrars.

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit 
https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/epp-status-codes-2014-06-16-en.
    Domain Name: statcounter.com
    Registry Domain ID: 16624771_DOMAIN_COM-VRSN
    Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.pairnic.com
    Registrar URL: https://www.pairnic.com
    Updated Date:  2014-09-09T09:33:25+0000Z
    Creation Date: 2000-01-05T19:19:20+0000Z
    Registrar Registration Expiration Date: 2016-01-05T19:19:20+0000Z
    Registrar: pairNIC INC
    Registrar IANA ID: 99
    Registrar Abuse Contact Email: abuse@pairnic.com
    Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: +1.8887247642
    Registry Registrant ID: 1609109
    Registrant Name: Aodhan Cullen
    Registrant Organization: StatCounter
    Registrant Street: Guinness Enterprise Centre 
    Registrant City: Taylor's Lane
    Registrant State/Province: Dublin
    Registrant Postal Code: 8
    Registrant Country: IE
    Registry Admin ID: 466407
    Admin Name: Aodhan Cullen
    Admin Organization: 
    Admin Street: 16 Chapelizod Moorings 
    Admin City: Chapelizod
    Admin State/Province: Dublin
    Admin Postal Code: 20
    Admin Country: IE
    Admin Phone: +353.14361868
    Admin Phone Ext: 
    Admin Fax: 
    Admin Fax Ext: 
    Admin Email: dns-admin@statcounter.com
    Registry Tech ID: 466406
    Tech Name: Aodhan Cullen
    Tech Organization: 
    Tech Street: 16 Chapelizod Moorings 
    Tech City: Chapelizod
    Tech State/Province: Dublin
    Tech Postal Code: 20
    Tech Country: IE
    Tech Phone: +353.14361868
    Tech Phone Ext: 
    Tech Fax: 
    Tech Fax Ext: 
    Tech Email: dns-admin@statcounter.com
    Name Server: MAY.NS.CLOUDFLARE.COM
    Name Server: TIM.NS.CLOUDFLARE.COM
    DNSSEC: unsigned
    URL of the ICANN WHOIS Data Problem Reporting System:
    http://wdprs.internic.net/
    >>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2015-01-21T17:35:30+0000Z <<<

NOTICE AND TERMS OF USE: By submitting a WHOIS query, you agree to abide by the
following terms of use: You agree that you may use this Data only for lawful
purposes and that under no circumstances will you use this Data to: (a) allow,
enable, or otherwise support the transmission by e-mail, telephone, or
facsimile of mass, unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations; or (b)
enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that send queries or data
to the systems of any Registry Operator or ICANN-Accredited registrar, except
as reasonably necessary to register domain names or modify existing
registrations. pairNIC reserves all rights and remedies it now has or may have
in the future, including, but not limited to, the right to terminate your
access to the WHOIS database in its sole discretion, for any violations by you
of these terms of use, including without limitation, for excessive querying of
the WHOIS database or for failure to otherwise abide by these terms of use.
pairNIC reserves the right to modify these terms at any time.

** Register Now at http://www.pairNIC.com/ **

