
Whois Server Version 2.0

Domain names in the .com and .net domains can now be registered
with many different competing registrars. Go to http://www.internic.net
for detailed information.

   Domain Name: ZIDDU.COM
   Registrar: NET 4 INDIA LIMITED
   Sponsoring Registrar IANA ID: 1007
   Whois Server: whois.net4domains.com
   Referral URL: http://www.net4.in 
   Name Server: NS3A.SECONDARYDOMAINNAMESERVER.COM
   Name Server: NS4A.PRIMARYDOMAINNAMESERVER.COM
   Status: ok
   Updated Date: 27-nov-2013
   Creation Date: 18-may-2007
   Expiration Date: 18-may-2020

>>> Last update of whois database: Wed, 21 Jan 2015 19:05:35 GMT <<<

NOTICE: The expiration date displayed in this record is the date the 
registrar's sponsorship of the domain name registration in the registry is 
currently set to expire. This date does not necessarily reflect the expiration 
date of the domain name registrant's agreement with the sponsoring 
registrar.  Users may consult the sponsoring registrar's Whois database to 
view the registrar's reported date of expiration for this registration.

TERMS OF USE: You are not authorized to access or query our Whois 
database through the use of electronic processes that are high-volume and 
automated except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or 
modify existing registrations; the Data in VeriSign Global Registry 
Services' ("VeriSign") Whois database is provided by VeriSign for 
information purposes only, and to assist persons in obtaining information 
about or related to a domain name registration record. VeriSign does not 
guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a Whois query, you agree to abide 
by the following terms of use: You agree that you may use this Data only 
for lawful purposes and that under no circumstances will you use this Data 
to: (1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass 
unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via e-mail, telephone, 
or facsimile; or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes 
that apply to VeriSign (or its computer systems). The compilation, 
repackaging, dissemination or other use of this Data is expressly 
prohibited without the prior written consent of VeriSign. You agree not to 
use electronic processes that are automated and high-volume to access or 
query the Whois database except as reasonably necessary to register 
domain names or modify existing registrations. VeriSign reserves the right 
to restrict your access to the Whois database in its sole discretion to ensure 
operational stability.  VeriSign may restrict or terminate your access to the 
Whois database for failure to abide by these terms of use. VeriSign 
reserves the right to modify these terms at any time. 

The Registry database contains ONLY .COM, .NET, .EDU domains and
Registrars.

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit 
https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/epp-status-codes-2014-06-16-en.

Domain Name: ziddu.com
Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.net4domains.com
Registrar URL: http://www.net4.in/
Registrar: Net 4 India Limited
Registrar IANA ID: 1007
Registrar Abuse Contact Email: abuse@net4.com
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: +91.120-4323500
Registrant Name: Meenavalli Venkat
Registrant Organization: MERIDIAN TECH PTE. LTD
Registrant Address: Suite1129,105 Cecil Street,11The Octagon
Registrant City: Singapore
Registrant State: Singapore
Registrant Postal Code: 69534
Registrant Country: SG
Registrant Phone: +65.82861748
Registrant Fax: 
Registrant Email: info@ziddu.com
Admin Name: Meenavalli Venkat
Admin Organization: MERIDIAN TECH PTE. LTD
Admin Address: Suite1129,105 Cecil Street,11The Octagon
Admin City: Singapore
Admin State: Other
Admin Postal Code: 218896
Admin Country: SG
Admin Phone: +65.82861748
Admin Fax: 
Admin Email: info@ziddu.com
Tech Name: Meenavalli Venkat
Tech Organization: MERIDIAN TECH PTE. LTD
Tech Address: Suite1129,105 Cecil Street,11The Octagon
Tech City: Singapore
Tech State: Other
Tech Postal Code: 69534
Tech Country: SG
Tech Phone: +65.82861748
Tech Fax: 
Tech Email: info@ziddu.com
DNSSEC: unsignedDelegation
URL of the ICANN WHOIS Data Problem Reporting System: http://wdprs.internic.net/

 The Data in the NET4INDIA LIMITED Registrar WHOIS database is provided to you by NET4INDIA LIMITED
 for information purposes only, and may be used to assist you in obtaining
 information about or related to a domain name's registration record.

 NET4INDIA LIMITED makes this information available "as is," and does not guarantee its
 accuracy.

 By submitting a WHOIS query, you agree that you will use this data only for
 lawful purposes and that, under no circumstances will you use this data to:
 a) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission by e-mail,
 telephone, or facsimile of mass, unsolicited, commercial advertising or
 solicitations to entities other than the data recipient's own existing
 customers; or (b) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that
 send queries or data to the systems of any Registry Operator or
 ICANN-Accredited registrar, except as reasonably necessary to register
 domain names or modify existing registrations.

 NET4INDIA LIMITED reserves the right to terminate your access to the NET4INDIA LIMITED WHOIS
 database in its sole discretion, including without limitation, for excessive
 querying of the WHOIS database or for failure to otherwise abide by this policy.

 NET4INDIA LIMITED res
